 To get started developing you'll need to install
[docker](https://docs.docker.com/install/) or see our [Quick Start Guide using
vagrant](.#quick-start-guide-(vagrant))
 
 1. Clone TFB.
 
         $ git clone https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks.git
 
 2. Run a test.
 
         $ ./tfb --mode verify --test gemini
 
 ### Explanation of the `./tfb` script
 
 The run script is pretty wordy, but each and every flag is required. If you are
using windows, either adapt the docker command at the end of the `./tfb` shell
script (replacing `${SCRIPT_ROOT}` with `/c/path/to/FrameworkBenchmarks`), or
use vagrant.
 
 The command looks like this: `docker run -it --rm --network tfb -v
/var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock -v [FWROOT]:/FrameworkBenchmarks
techempower/tfb [ARGS]`
 
 - `-it` tells docker to run this in 'interactive' mode and simulate a TTY, so
that `ctrl+c` is propagated.
 - `--rm` tells docker to remove the container as soon as the toolset finishes
running, meaning there aren't hundreds of stopped containers lying around.
 - `--network=tfb` tells the container to join the 'tfb' Docker virtual network
 - The first `-v` specifies which Docker socket path to mount as a volume in the
running container. This allows docker commands run inside this container to use
the host container's docker to create/run/stop/remove containers.
 - The second `-v` mounts the FrameworkBenchmarks source directory as a volume
to share with the container so that rebuilding the toolset image is unnecessary
and any changes you make on the host system are available in the running
toolset container.
 - `techempower/tfb` is the name of toolset container to run
 
 #### A note on Windows:
 
 - Docker expects Linux-style paths. If you cloned on your `C:\` drive, then
`[ABS PATH TO THIS DIR]` would be `/c/FrameworkBenchmarks`.
 - [Docker for Windows](https://www.docker.com/docker-windows) understands
`/var/run/docker.sock` even though that is not a valid path on Windows. [Docker
Toolbox](https://docs.docker.com/toolbox/toolbox_install_windows/) **may** not
- use at your own risk.
 
 ## Quick Start Guide (Vagrant)
 
 Get started developing quickly by utilizing vagrant with TFB.
[Git](https://git-scm.com), 
 [Virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) and
[vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) are 
 required.
 
 1. Clone TFB.
 
         $ git clone https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks.git
 
 2. Change directories
 
         $ cd FrameworkBenchmarks/deployment/vagrant
 
 3. Build the vagrant virtual machine
 
         $ vagrant up
 
 4. Run a test
 
         $ vagrant ssh
         $ tfb --mode verify --test gemini
 
 
 ## Add a New Test
 
 Either on your computer, or once you open an SSH connection to your vagrant
box, start the new test initialization wizard.
 
         vagrant@TFB-all:~/FrameworkBenchmarks$ ./tfb --new
 
 This will walk you through the entire process of creating a new test to include
in the suite.
 
