 The __TechEmpower Framework Benchmarks__ is a project that provides
representative performance measures across a wide field of web application
frameworks. With much help from the community, coverage is quite broad and we
are happy to broaden it further with contributions. The project presently
includes frameworks on many languages including `Go`, `Python`, `Java`, `Ruby`,
`PHP`, `C#`, `Clojure`, `Groovy`, `Dart`, `JavaScript`, `Erlang`, `Haskell`,
`Scala`, `Perl`, `Lua`, `C`, and others.  The current tests exercise plaintext
responses, JSON seralization, database reads and writes via the
object-relational mapper (ORM), collections, sorting, server-side templates,
and XSS counter-measures. Future tests will exercise other components and
greater computation.
 
 _Note: We're using the word "framework" loosely to refer to platforms,
micro-frameworks, and full-stack frameworks._
 
 #Results
 View the [current continuous benchmarking
run](https://tfb-status.techempower.com), view the [latest round's
results](https://www.techempower.com/benchmarks/), or check out the [previous
rounds](https://www.techempower.com/benchmarks/#section=previous-rounds).
 
 #Motivation
 Choosing a web application framework involves evaluation of many factors. While
comparatively easy to measure, performance is frequently given little
consideration. We hope to help change that. Application performance can be
directly mapped to hosting dollars, and for companies both large and small,
hosting costs can be a pain point. Weak performance can also cause premature
and costly scale pain, user experience degradation, and penalties levied by
search engines.
 
 What if building an application on one framework meant that at the very best
your hardware is suitable for one tenth as much load as it would have been had
you chosen a different framework? The differences aren't always that extreme,
but in some cases, they might be. Especially with several modern
high-performance frameworks offering respectable developer efficiency, __it's
worth knowing what you're getting into__.
 
 #Making improvements
 We expect that all frameworks' tests could be improved with community input.
For that reason, we are extremely happy to receive [pull
requests](https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks/pulls) from fans
of any framework. We would like our tests for every framework to perform
optimally, so we invite you to please join in.
 
 #What's to come
 Feedback has been continuous and we plan to keep updating the project in
several ways, such as:
 
 * Coverage of more frameworks. Thanks to community contributions to-date, the
number of frameworks covered has already grown quite large. We're happy to add
more if you submit a pull request.
 * [Additional test
types](https://github.com/TechEmpower/FrameworkBenchmarks/issues/133).
 * Enhancements to the site, such as better rendering of error information and
sorting within the data tables and charts. We would also like to add
side-by-side comparison of data sets (to visualize the changes between rounds
or test types) and to accept additional results files from the community. How
does EC2 compare to, say, Rackspace Cloud? We don't have the data now, but if
you have a Rackspace Cloud account and are willing to run the full test suite,
we'd like to be able to render that here.
 
